Add ERC7579 Account and validator modules (#5250)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/forty-cobras-press.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `ECDSAValidator`, `P256Validator`, `RSAValidator`: A set of ERC7579 modules that implement signature validation schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ECDSAValidator`, `P256Validator`, `RSAValidator`: A set of ERC-7579 modules that implement signature validation schemes.
```
